feat(eks): support CUSTOM amiType (#30660)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-eks/README.md

});
```

> To use a custom AMI for the node group, you can set `amiType` to `eks.NodegroupAmiType.CUSTOM` and provide a launch template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a custom AMI for the node group, you can set `amiType` to `CUSTOM`.
A launch template must be provided.
```

Author: change applied

});
```

To use a custom AMI for the node group, you can set `amiType` to `CUSTOM`.

> A launch template must be provided.

Reviewer 2: Related to the comment above, if custom AMI is supported now leaving the `amiType` property unset, we should call that out in the README too.
